Story Recapped here.
Today I'm going to show you a Chinese science
fiction fantasy film called Super Me.
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take careSang Yu, a young screenwriter
in modern Chinese and global capitalism, seems
like an average guy.
He is passionate about writing, but his lifestyle
takes a toll on his mental health.
He feels exhausted on a train ride from work;
out of nowhere, a sinister demon enters the
train and shackles him.
Sang Yu is terrified but wakes up and realizes
that it is just a dream.
In his rundown apartment, he reflects that
his life is meaningless at this point after
losing his job.
In the past, he tried to seek help from dream
experts, shamans, and psychologists, but none
of them was helpful in his struggle.
He uses the last of his money to buy himself
a snack.
The vendor notices that he has nothing left
for himself, so he adds a free egg to his
sandwich as an act of kindness.
As he sits down and is about to take a bite
of his first meal, a man from behind taps
his shoulder.
It happens to be his work partner, San Ge,
whom he runs away from after breaking their
contract and leaving work with short notice.
They both make up, and San Ge treats him a
meal.
In the restaurant, he grabs an aquarium to
use it as a metaphor for what he is feeling.
He says that the bowl represents the human
mind, the fish represents consciousness, and
the water represents the subconscious.
He brings the fish out of the water, explaining
that life is a struggle when the conscious
mind leaves the subconscious behind, just
like how he feels.
Sang Yu confesses to San Ge that his insomnia
is getting worse by the day.
Whenever he closes his eyes, sinister creatures
try to attack him.
San Ge tells him that it stems from his laziness
and that he should pull himself together.
He decides to head back to his apartment,
but it is locked; his landlord kicked him
out, leaving all his belongings at the door.
Without a choice, he leaves the building and
decides to spend some time in the nearby cafe.
Once again, the demon appears out of nowhere
to hurt him; Sang Yu realizes that he fell
asleep at the cafe and confirms his theory
that his nightmares become so vivid when he
sleeps.
Already suicidal and desperate to get rid
of his sufferings, he gets on the edge of
a building, preparing to jump and end his
life.
Upon seeing the troubled Sang Yu, the friendly
vendor calls his attention to offer him food,
hopefully, so he could change his mind.
This is effective, and they both sit on the
building's rooftop to talk.
The vendor asks him about his problem; Sang
Yu opens up that his nightmares are too realistic,
and he has not slept in six months because
of it.
The old man advises him to consciously think
that he is just dreaming if he has an episode
of nightmares.
According to him, having a presence of mind
can make him in control of his life and his
dreams.
The phrase "it is just a dream" is now imprinted
on his memory—a piece of helpful
advice to escape his nightmares.
Sang Yu watches his love interest, Hua Er,
from afar.
She works at a nearby cafe where Sang Yu usually
passes by.
That night, having nothing left, Sang Yu trades
his phone for some amount of money.
Later on, he tries to shoplift a convenience
store, but he realizes that his actions are
not right.
He puts the item back and pays for two loaves
of bread instead.
Outside the store, Hua Er approaches him,
but it appears to be the demon who constantly
follows him in his dreams.
The demon strangles him, but he remembers
the old vendor's advice and says, "I'm only
dreaming".
Instantly, the demon disappears.
He wakes up, holding a priceless artefact
that the demon chooses to kill him with several
times.
He brings the artefact to the trade market
for some money; traders offer different amounts,
but he sees more potential and worth in the
item.
Sang Yu believes that it is worth more than
their offers, so he brings it to a more exclusive
antique store.
The owner offers double the price of the traders,
but Sang Yu required more.
They agree on a price, and he hands over the
artefact.
To celebrate, he buys a complete meal, a laptop,
and gets a place to stay.
He fixes his appearance and has a fresh start.
He realizes that he has a rare super-power
of bringing some objects from his dreams back
to reality.To sleep faster, he takes sleeping
medication.
That night, he hears a knock on his door and
dreams of being alone in an empty hallway.
He tries to go back to the room and use the
elevator but fails.
Sang Yu sights a vase and tries to take it
with him.
Suddenly, footsteps approach, and he sees
the demon again, holding another battle-axe
weapon.
The demon runs after Sang Yu and attacks him
with it.
Sang Yu struggles as the demon chases him.
It is able to reach him and strike the battle-axe
to his chest.
He again snaps out of it and says that it
is just a dream.
Waking up safely in his hotel room, he clings
onto the battle-axe he brought from his dreams.
He returns to the antique store to sell the
item and gets a considerable amount of money.
Sang Yu becomes rich overnight and splurges
on things that he could not afford before.
The lifestyle of the young bachelor completely
changed from struggling to get by to being
at parties and malls all the time.
As he becomes a master of his dreams, the
locations he ends up at are becoming grander.
Dreaming that he is in a high-end museum,
priceless statues and sculptures surround
him.
Sang Yu takes a closer look at the things
and try to figure out which ones have the
most incredible value.
The golden items amaze him as this is all
new to him.
He gathers the items he can bring to reality.
This time, the demon attacks by trying to
shoot him with a machine gun.
It is a far more effective weapon of destruction.
He tries to dodge the bullets by hiding behind
walls.
Eventually, the demon hits Sang Yu relentlessly
until he dies in his dream without saying